joke	Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
joke	I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
joke	Life is all about perspective. The sinking of the Titanic was a miracle to the lobsters in the ship's kitchen.
joke	Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
non-joke	If you want one, my advice is to wait for the new upgraded  version with 64Mb and a graphic.
non-joke	silicon-state nightmare for monopolistic entertainment industries.
non-joke	When the first audio recording-devices entered the consumer market decades ago, the idea of a controlled, business model in the music industry was  doomed.
non-joke	I bought this for one reason, and one reason only: size.
non-joke	Many of the other mp3 players out there were larger and clunkier.
non-joke	Why spend money for something that's not much smaller?
non-joke	I read the specs and was admittedly not too impressed.
non-joke	At that rate you could only get about half an hour of music.
non-joke	I saw one on sale at an un-named competitor of this fine site.
non-joke	This sweet program lets you convert current mp3's to lame or blade mp3's with a smaller bit rate.
joke	Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
joke	A recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
joke	Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
joke	I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
joke	I started out with nothing, and I still have most of it.
joke	That awkward moment when you leave a store without buying anything and all you can think is "act natural, you're innocent".
joke	I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
joke	Regular naps prevent old age, especially if you take them while driving.
joke	When I call a family meeting I turn off the house wifi and wait for them all to come running.
joke	When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
joke	I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
joke	Never laugh at your girlfriends choices... your one of them.
joke	My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.
joke	I need to start paying closer attention to stuff. Found out today my wife and I have separate names for the cat.
joke	If you're not supposed to eat at night, why is there a light bulb in the refrigerator?
joke	When an employment application asks who is to be notified in case of emergency, I always write, "A very good doctor".
joke	Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
joke	Strong people don't put others down. They lift them up and slam them on the ground for maximum damage.
joke	You know that tingly little feeling you get when you like someone? That's your common sense leaving your body.
joke	If you think nobody cares whether you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
joke	I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
joke	I hate when I am about to hug someone really sexy and my face hits the mirror.
joke	You know you're ugly when it comes to a group picture and they hand you the camera.
joke	I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
joke	Money talks ...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
joke	When my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? I told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people.
joke	You're not fat, you're just... easier to see.
joke	I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
joke	Love is telling someone to go to hell and worrying about them getting there safely.
joke	I sometimes watch birds and wonder "If I could fly who would I shit on?"
joke	A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
joke	Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
joke	I'm great at multitasking. I can waste time, be unproductive, and procrastinate all at once.
joke	Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
joke	Team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
joke	Nothing ruins a Friday more than an understanding that today is Tuesday.
joke	Friends wave red flags when you have a bad idea. Real friends pick up a camera.
joke	Relationships are a lot like algebra. Have you ever looked at your X and wondered Y?
joke	I can totally keep secrets. It's the people I tell them to that can't.
joke	My ex wrote to me: Can you delete my number? I responded: Who is this?
joke	If I ever need a heart transplant, I'd want my ex's. It's never been used.
joke	Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was.
joke	I eat my tacos over a Tortilla. That way when stuff falls out, BOOM, another taco.
joke	Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
joke	Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
joke	Top 3 situations that require witnesses: 1) Crimes 2) Accidents 3) Marriages Need I say more?
joke	Hit snooze until the panic sets in.
joke	What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying? The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention of driving.
joke	Before I criticize a man, I like to walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when I do criticize him, I'm a mile away and I have his shoes.
joke	I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust.
joke	America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
joke	Why is it everything I love is either unhealthy, addicting or has multiple restraining orders against me?
joke	My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.
joke	Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
joke	Dear alcohol, We had a deal where you would make me funnier, smarter, and a better dancer... I saw the video... we need to talk.
joke	You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
joke	I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not too sure.
joke	Telling a girl to calm down works about as well as trying to baptize a cat.
joke	Any married man should forget his mistakes, there's no use in two people remembering the same thing.
joke	A conclusion is the part where you got tired of thinking.
joke	Some people say "If you can't beat them, join them". I say "If you can't beat them, beat them", because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise.
joke	Whatever you do always give 100 %. Unless you are donating blood.
joke	Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
joke	People say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.
joke	There are few things I enjoy more than picking an argument with my girlfriend when she has the hiccups.
joke	If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
joke	I'm really good at stuff until people watch me do that stuff.
joke	Intelligence is like an underwear. It is important that you have it, but not necessary that you show it off.
joke	Childs experience: if a mother is laughing at the fathers jokes, it means they have guests.
joke	If at first you don't succeed, we have a lot in common.
joke	What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
joke	We are born naked, wet and hungry. Then things get worse.
joke	The lesson of Halloween is that pretending to be something you're not will lead to a sweet reward.
joke	I've been repeating the same mistakes in life for so long now, I think I'll start calling them traditions.
joke	If you see me smiling it's because I'm thinking of doing something evil or naughty. If you see me laughing it's because I've already done it.
joke	You’re so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
joke	My wife is so negative. I remembered the car seat, the stroller, AND the diaper bag. Yet all she can talk about is how I forgot the baby.
joke	The reason a dog has so many friends is that he wags his tail instead of his tongue.
non-joke	When I found a friend foolish enough to be using Window's software I got some music loaded into it.
non-joke	I complained to them that the word Universal in USB should mean Universal, i.e. both Mac and Windows compatible.
non-joke	After about a week of researching about 25 mp3 players I finally settled on the RCA Kazoo.
non-joke	I wanted the smallest mp3 player possible, but didnt want to sacrifice great sound.
non-joke	You'd be supprised many more expensive units dont have all of these features.
non-joke	I just dragged & dropped my mp3 files from explorer into real Jukebox.
non-joke	I did find out that at 56k the sound was still awesome & I can hold about 75 minutes of music w/o extra memory.
joke	There are three kinds of people: Those who can count and those who can't.
joke	The difference between "Girlfriend" and "Girl Friend" is that little space in between we call the "Friend Zone".
joke	Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
joke	If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
joke	Any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it.
joke	Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
joke	My girlfriends dad asked me what I do. Apparently, "your daughter" wasn't the right answer.
joke	Whoever said nothing is impossible is a liar. I've been doing nothing for years.
joke	Nothing is fool proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
joke	Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
joke	Take my advice ó I'm not using it.
joke	A fine is a tax for doing wrong. A tax is a fine for doing well.
joke	I bet you I could stop gambling.
joke	I haven't spoken to my wife for 18 months- I don't like to interrupt her.
joke	My resume is just a list of things I hope you never ask me to do.
joke	The grass may be greener on the other side but at least you don't have to mow it.
joke	My first child has gone off to college and I feel a great emptiness in my life. Specifically, in my checking account.
joke	My favorite mythical creature? The honest politician.
joke	I like birthdays, but I think too many can kill you.
joke	If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
joke	Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
joke	When I see ads on TV with smiling, happy housewives using a new cleaning product, the only thing I want to buy are the meds they must be on.
joke	For maximum attention, nothing beats a good mistake.
joke	You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
joke	Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you feel paranoid instead of protected.
joke	If I'd shot you sooner, I'd be out of jail by now.
joke	Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway.
non-joke	The film speaks for itself. The only thing missing is a presentation of the original 78 minute film "Some Folks Call it a Sling Blade" .
non-joke	If you like Bill Bob in this film, you should also check out "Dead Man"
non-joke	Feature Commentary With Writer/Director/Actor Billy Bob Thornton.
non-joke	A Conversation With Billy Bob Thornton And Robert Duvall 
non-joke	On The Set: Billy Bob At Work
non-joke	Doyle Gets Pummeled; "Doyle's Dead" With Introduction By Billy Bob Thornton
non-joke	It is good if you have internet than you can download the stuff, else, you can’t.
non-joke	The RIO rocks! It is so great that Diamond Multimedia prevailed in their fight against the forces of pure evil in the music industry.
non-joke	Allowed us, the public, to have the RIO.
non-joke	This little baby holds your MP3's and plays  them with outrageous quality and no moving parts.
non-joke	Take it jogging, bob sledding, whatever.
non-joke	The  Rio is cute and compact, battery lasts forever, runs great and is really  simple to use.
non-joke	Works well with the PC linkup, etc. A hot item!
non-joke	I had high hopes for the Diamond Rio and it certainly lived up 2 the hype.
non-joke	Lightweight and excellent quality with some good connecting software.
non-joke	My only gripe can be with memory.
non-joke	You definitely need another 32Mb to store  your music.
non-joke	Although traditional copyrights could never be totally enforced,  the record and music-producing industry neglected these threads existing in  the shades of multi-billion profits.
non-joke	Remember when the Walkman hit the market years ago?
non-joke	At first it was fad, then it became a craze before finally becoming as ubiquitous as taxi cabs in Manhattan.
non-joke	The first product with the potential to  eventually REPLACE the Walkman.
non-joke	you can record your own CD's into MP3 format and download the  songs
non-joke	the 'Windows' software to download songs to the device DOES NOT WORK WITH Windows NT.
non-joke	the headphones are low quality so you might want to get some better ones.
non-joke	The solid-state walkman has arrived.
non-joke	Since the firts day I saw it, i knew it was going to be a great product.
non-joke	I think it's going to be the standard for music.
non-joke	Mini disc is also  shock proof, recordable, near cd quality.
non-joke	n addition you can change  music with out the inconvenience of uploading music from a computer.
non-joke	should increase its memory so as to really worth the money.
non-joke	Smaller size means less space on the 32 meg memory, which translates into more sound.
non-joke	At 80 kbps I can squeeze about 50 minutes or so of music into that 32 megs.
non-joke	It takes only a few minutes (even for you 56 k types) to download db PowerAmp and a few more to convert the mp3's to lower bitrates.
non-joke	At least not for the payoff. Sweet music for a sweet price. Did I mention it's tiny and cute? Buy this mp3 player and be a happy camper.
non-joke	Although it prominently displays the USB compatability, it does not state on the exterior package that it is only Window compatible.
non-joke	The second drawback doesnt apply to me but I read in one review that this doesnt support Mac.
non-joke	It does not show the name of the current song that is playing the way larger mp3 players do. Hope this helps & good luck in your search.